[core] Batch small changes (#21553)
mui-org/material-ui: docs/src/pages/components/no-ssr/no-ssr.md

## Frame deferring

> In its core, the NoSsr component purpose is to **defer rendering**.

Reviewer: This sentence seems a bit weird to me but it’s missing an apostrophe on component I.e component’s

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
At its core, the NoSsr component's purpose is to **defer rendering**.
```
(As an aside, I've also never been a big fan of the excessive and unnecessary bold text.)

> At its core, the NoSsr component's purpose is to **defer rendering**.

Reviewer: @mbrookes are you happy with the bolded text?

Reviewer 2: The wording, or the fact that it's bold? Arguably it isn't "deferred" on the server, but "disabled". However I can find other examples of this usage, so it's probably okay.
